Hello from Washington, DC!
This city has many monuments and memorials.
Today I am visiting the ones built in memory of our Presidents: Washington, Jefferson, Lincoln and Roosevelt.
I want to learn more about them.
Hey! Watch out!
Sorry! I didn't see you.
●●●
●●
●
You were not looking.
You should be more careful.
I know I should be more careful.
But this game is really fun.
●●●
●●
●
What kind of game?
You have to find things that aren't really there.
●●●
●●
●
How can you find things that aren’t really there?
They're in your phone. See?
●●●
●●
●
I see. It’s like a scavenger hunt.
That’s right!
●●●
●●
●
I don’t have time for games.
I want to learn about U.S. presidents.
Then you should play this game!
When you find an American symbol, you win points and a Fun Fact about a U.S. President.
●●●
●●
●
I have time for this game!
Here are the symbols that I caught:
the Statue of Liberty for 20 points, Uncle Sam for 40 points and the American flag for 60 points.
●●●
●●
●
What symbol are you looking for now?
I am looking for the bald eagle.
That is 100 points!
It should be near the Washington Monument.
●●●
●●
●
This game is awesome.
You ought to buy the app right now.
It’s called “Catch Americana.”
●●●
●●
●
Got it. Catch Americana.
Thanks! Good luck!
Good luck to you too!
●●●
●●
●
This is the Jefferson Memorial.
I know that Thomas Jefferson signed the Declaration of Independence!
Now, where is that symbol?
Here it is! My first one.
It’s an American flag! I won 60 points!
An American flag works well for Thomas Jefferson.
I see lots of American flags on Independence Day!
Where is my Jefferson Fun Fact?
In his lifetime, Thomas Jefferson wrote about 19,000 letters!
●●●
●●
●
I did not know that.
Where is the next symbol?